In the Student View Section: Bug lists:

The coin page, Sign up page back button got out of the app, fix this. 

At the top right corner of the login page have a language icon button to change to english and nepali as needed. 

IN the notices section, the button when clicked on the notice should take to the notice details page. 

Center my location should not be on the top of the page in the app bar but in the floating action button on the top of the map on the right bottom of the map page. 

Also the filter cheap, for the distance limit should have a option as no-limit which allow to view all the tutors (this is a default option while starting)

At the top right corner, there should be a profile button, which when clicked will open the settings page, where language change option will be there, where the user name, and details of the profile will be present at the top with the proper UI design with the Icon as the first letter if image not present, if image present will show the image. Also this will have a logout button which when click will logout. Also make a referral section to refer friends and earn 25 coins for each referrals. 

The coin system should be fully dynamic and all transaction should be properly saved and updated. 

In the map view, the online only tutors should have the green Globe icon, offline should have the home icon, both should have the two finger icon.  

The CV entered by the User should be viewable in the tutors detail bottom sheet by clicking the button view CV in the students app, When they click View CV, open the whole pdf in the inbuilt pdf viewer of the mobile or inside app make a pdf viewer to view the pdf. 


In the Tutor Request page, Allow them to add their own subject. Is this Tutor request page given to the admin? What is the Post a Vacancy page then. (I think Only Post a vacancy is needed)

In the assignment in a Post a Job page in the student app, Also add a button to have Online and offline button to select them. after the when and where section. 







----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
For the Tutor page: Bug Lists: 
 - Implement all the phase 8 to 10 for the push notification and others for this. 
 - For tutors is Tutor id, it should begin as the TUTOR-90000000 as this TUTOR-90000001 incremented from here onwards. 
 - Chat section is not present in this app. 
 - Add the Bottom nav bar for the Onboarding should be as it is currently and allow to register, Home (Map view with all the vacancies listed on the maps and clickable), chats (Show the list of messages they got), Vacancies (show the vacancies in the list view not in map view and clickable to show the details about the vacancies), Settings (settings and changeable things about the tutor like location, and other details, ) [Make all these pages professionally]
 - Show coins at the top like in the students page. 
 - While registering the teacher, allow them to use the geolocator and change their location as needed. while entering in the Tutor registration 3/7 number page. where a map view to select the location should be present and stacked Next and Back button on top of map view should be present, this will allow them to use the openstreet map and select a location they are in and continue their service from their. 
- In the Tutor registration  5/7 page the list of subjects while filling are aligned from the left to right, but they should be aligned from the top to buttom In a section and below that add subject button  will create a new section and allow to add another subject details as they are.
- allow them to upload a cv of the tutor during registration in the last step and all the process till that time should be saved, if the user close the app and return back and try to enter then it should start from the same onboarding place to enter the cv and proceed. This CV should be less than 300KB (very important), these should be viewable in the details of the tutors in the student view. 


Coin page should have a back button to go back, when back is pressed, it is currently closing the app. This is the wallet page.





-----------------------------------------
In both, In the payment section, only the esewa button should be present and allow them to pay via the qr code and upload the receipt after the payment to the "Jeevan Koiri", "9779807590455" as the esewa number.


If the same email is used for the login as tutor and login as a student then after the login button is clicked, a page should appear where they are allowed to choose "Login as a tutor"  square Button with teacher board icon, "Login as a Student" square button with the student icon. (Manage this properly technically.)
If that email is only used for one thing then automatically login as that person. 

